FLA.md, before:

# First Language Acquisition
### The Acquisition Process
Although it is a common belief that children are taught a given language, the child’s production of utterances seems to be majorly relying on the child’s experimentation with language rather than the adult’s instructions. 
Research suggests that children do not learn through the process of imitating or through ‘corrections’ given by adults. In fact, one of the most vital elements of the child’s acquisition process is the use of both word combinations and sounds. Additionally, wordplay appears to be a crucial factor in the development of the child's language repertoire.
### Developing morphology
Once children move beyond telegraphic speech, they begin to integrate morphemes (inflectional and functional) into their speech patterns. 
While at first the -ing expressions and prepositions are employed, the next stage is related to the use of plurals. This stage is associated with overgeneralization, the process of applying a grammatical rule in cases where it doesn't apply (e.g. foots). The acquisition process adheres to the following scheme: the -ing form, prepositions, plural -s, irregular past tense, possessive -s, to be, articles, past tense, and present tense. 
### Developing syntax
While looking at the initial production of syntax in the child’s speech, questions and negatives are structures acquired systematically. When it comes to forming both of the aforementioned structures, the pattern of acquisition commonly observes the following scheme: Stage 1 (18-26 months), Stage 2 (22 and 30 months), and Stage 3 (24-40 months).
#### Forming questions
In the **first stage**, questions are formed with *wh*-forms added to the beginning of a sentence (e.g. *Where kitty?*) While in the **second stage** more *wh*-forms and more elaborate structures are used by a child, within the **third stage** the inversion of auxiliary verbs occurs.
#### Forming negatives
In the **first stage**, negatives are formed by adding *no* or *not* at the beginning of a sentence. In the **second stage**, on the other hand, the child appears to start using the form *don’t*. 
Lastly, in the **third stage**, the child begins to add *didn’t* and *won’t* to verbs to form negatives.

Commit message:

add the last part about developing semantics and later developments

FLA.md, after:

# First Language Acquisition
### The Acquisition Process
Although it is a common belief that children are taught a given language, the child’s production of utterances seems to be majorly relying on the child’s experimentation with language rather than the adult’s instructions. 
Research suggests that children do not learn through the process of imitating or through ‘corrections’ given by adults. In fact, one of the most vital elements of the child’s acquisition process is the use of both word combinations and sounds. Additionally, wordplay appears to be a crucial factor in the development of the child's language repertoire.
### Developing morphology
Once children move beyond telegraphic speech, they begin to integrate morphemes (inflectional and functional) into their speech patterns. 
While at first the -ing expressions and prepositions are employed, the next stage is related to the use of plurals. This stage is associated with overgeneralization, the process of applying a grammatical rule in cases where it doesn't apply (e.g. foots). The acquisition process adheres to the following scheme: the -ing form, prepositions, plural -s, irregular past tense, possessive -s, to be, articles, past tense, and present tense. 
### Developing syntax
While looking at the initial production of syntax in the child’s speech, questions and negatives are structures acquired systematically. When it comes to forming both of the aforementioned structures, the pattern of acquisition commonly observes the following scheme: Stage 1 (18-26 months), Stage 2 (22 and 30 months), and Stage 3 (24-40 months).
#### Forming questions
In the **first stage**, questions are formed with *wh*-forms added to the beginning of a sentence (e.g. *Where kitty?*) While in the **second stage** more *wh*-forms and more elaborate structures are used by a child, within the **third stage** the inversion of auxiliary verbs occurs.
#### Forming negatives
In the **first stage**, negatives are formed by adding *no* or *not* at the beginning of a sentence. In the **second stage**, on the other hand, the child appears to start using the form *don’t*. 
Lastly, in the **third stage**, the child begins to add *didn’t* and *won’t* to verbs to form negatives.
### Developing semantics
Even though the process of giving meaning to certain words by children is somewhat unclear, the most recognizable process appears to be overextension. **Overextension** is the use of a single word to label multiple different things which are seen as not necessarily connected (e.g. *fly* denoting an *insect* and *dirt*). At the same time, the child can recognize differences between objects.
As far as **hyponymy** is concerned, children tend to choose the middle term rather than the most general one (e.g. a *dog* rather than an *animal*).
### Later Developments
The later stages of acquisition involve learning to distinguish between the antonymous pairs of words such as *before*/*after*. Similarly, the ability to employ more complex syntactic structures as well as **extended discourse** come later in the child's development.
Once a child reaches the **age of five**, the major part of the language acquisition process seems to be finalized. Thus, at this point in the development, children grow into competent language users. However, there remains the question of why the L2 learning process poses such a challenge given that first language acquisition occurs naturally.
