SLA.md, before:

# Second language acquisition/learning
Yule starts this chapter with an explanation of what word 'bilingual' means. The author brings up an example of children growing up in an environment with more than one language used. Thus, such children are able to acquire their second language similarly to the first one.

## Second language learning
Yule refers to the issue of why one can learn better at a very young age in comparison to being thirteen years old as an 'enigma'. The term Second Language Learning might be understood in two ways: some describe it as learning a 'foreign language' that is not spoken in one's closest environment (ESL), on the other hand, a second language is claimed to be a language spoken in the closest environment (ESL). 
### Acquisition and learning
Acquisition and learning are terms that can be strictly divided. Acquisition, according to Yule, is a process of gradual development in language by its natural usage. Moreover, it is present without the help of a teacher. However, when it comes to learning, it is connected with a conscious action (or process) of expanding knowledge. Learning is typically visible in schools.
What is more, Yule claims that the traditional way of learning includes more knowledge considering the theory about language and not knowing about how to use it. People who acquired L2 in this traditional way of learning tend to be less effective in their language skills in comparison to those who acquired L2 in more ‘natural’ circumstances.
### Acquisition barriers
The author introduces this issue explaining that most people’s experience with L2 begins in school when they have already acquired and got used to the sound structures of their L1. This problem might be demotivating for many but some of such learners, with enough commitment, develop their L2 skills. However, it is highly probable that they still will not resemble native speakers. The issue of having an ‘accent’, as Yule mentions, is common also for people that acquired L2 in perfect environments.
### The Age Factor
There is a view that “an inherent capacity for language” has got its strongest period before puberty and the acquisition of a new L2 is significantly harder after this time. On the other hand, an opposing view illustrates teenagers as more effective L2 learners in comparison to their younger colleagues (e.g. seven-year-olds). Thus, Yule suggests that proper learning of L2 requires a set of factors such as proper age (from ten to sixteen).
### Affective Factors
There is a possibility that the aforementioned optimum age for learning the second language will be blocked by another issue. As teenagers are more self-conscious, there might be a possibility for them to get embarrassed and, eventually, to become reluctant. Yule describes such negative facets as affective factors creating a barrier between the learner and the second language. One’s mentality is crucial in effective learning and cannot be unmentioned. Affective factors are less serious when it comes to younger learners and this might be why many researchers claim that age matters so much in terms of L2 learning.
## Focus on method
With the problem of the barriers, emerged the need to create approaches helpful in cherishing L2 learning. In the past, exercise materials developed. Nowadays, a number of different methods and views on improving the L2 learning experience is constantly arising.
### The grammar–translation method
The grammar-translation method serves as the most traditional way of teaching a language based on vocabulary lists and grammar rules. The theory behind a language needs to be memorised and practised mainly in writing. Spoken language is less highlighted. One of the most significant drawbacks of this method is the lack of focus on everyday, casual L2 usage. It is common that students with high grades in an L2, taught mainly with this method, tend to have problems when confronted with a native speaker of such language. 
### The audiolingual method

### Communicative approaches


## Focus on the learner

### Transfer

### Interlanguage

### Motivation

### Input and output


## Communicative competence


## Applied linguistics

Commit message:

Add 'the audiolingual method' and 'communicative approaches'

SLA.md, after:

# Second language acquisition/learning
Yule starts this chapter with an explanation of what word 'bilingual' means. The author brings up an example of children growing up in an environment with more than one language used. Thus, such children are able to acquire their second language similarly to the first one.

## Second language learning
Yule refers to the issue of why one can learn better at a very young age in comparison to being thirteen years old as an 'enigma'. The term Second Language Learning might be understood in two ways: some describe it as learning a 'foreign language' that is not spoken in one's closest environment (ESL), on the other hand, a second language is claimed to be a language spoken in the closest environment (ESL). 
### Acquisition and learning
Acquisition and learning are terms that can be strictly divided. Acquisition, according to Yule, is a process of gradual development in language by its natural usage. Moreover, it is present without the help of a teacher. However, when it comes to learning, it is connected with a conscious action (or process) of expanding knowledge. Learning is typically visible in schools.
What is more, Yule claims that the traditional way of learning includes more knowledge considering the theory about language and not knowing about how to use it. People who acquired L2 in this traditional way of learning tend to be less effective in their language skills in comparison to those who acquired L2 in more ‘natural’ circumstances.
### Acquisition barriers
The author introduces this issue explaining that most people’s experience with L2 begins in school when they have already acquired and got used to the sound structures of their L1. This problem might be demotivating for many but some of such learners, with enough commitment, develop their L2 skills. However, it is highly probable that they still will not resemble native speakers. The issue of having an ‘accent’, as Yule mentions, is common also for people that acquired L2 in perfect environments.
### The Age Factor
There is a view that “an inherent capacity for language” has got its strongest period before puberty and the acquisition of a new L2 is significantly harder after this time. On the other hand, an opposing view illustrates teenagers as more effective L2 learners in comparison to their younger colleagues (e.g. seven-year-olds). Thus, Yule suggests that proper learning of L2 requires a set of factors such as proper age (from ten to sixteen).
### Affective Factors
There is a possibility that the aforementioned optimum age for learning the second language will be blocked by another issue. As teenagers are more self-conscious, there might be a possibility for them to get embarrassed and, eventually, to become reluctant. Yule describes such negative facets as affective factors creating a barrier between the learner and the second language. One’s mentality is crucial in effective learning and cannot be unmentioned. Affective factors are less serious when it comes to younger learners and this might be why many researchers claim that age matters so much in terms of L2 learning.
## Focus on method
With the problem of the barriers, emerged the need to create approaches helpful in cherishing L2 learning. In the past, exercise materials developed. Nowadays, a number of different methods and views on improving the L2 learning experience is constantly arising.
### The grammar–translation method
The grammar-translation method serves as the most traditional way of teaching a language based on vocabulary lists and grammar rules. The theory behind a language needs to be memorised and practised mainly in writing. Spoken language is less highlighted. One of the most significant drawbacks of this method is the lack of focus on everyday, casual L2 usage. It is common that students with high grades in an L2, taught mainly with this method, tend to have problems when confronted with a native speaker of such language. 
### The audiolingual method
The audiolingual method highlights the importance of speaking a language. With the use of drills, it systematically presents the succeeding elements of L2. Yule explains this method as a progression of certain language ‘habits’ through repeating oral exercises. However, some drawbacks of the audiolingual method are present. Firstly, as Yule claims, the deserted drills do not mirror the everyday usage of L2 and, moreover, this approach might become boring.   
### Communicative approaches
Yule describes communicative approaches as more recent and focused primarily on the functions of language. This involves discussing the variety of social settings in classroom lessons.
## Focus on the learner

### Transfer

### Interlanguage

### Motivation

### Input and output


## Communicative competence


## Applied linguistics
